# Digital Human Standard PaaS Demo

This project includes a front-end page and a back-end interface, aiming to provide developers with a reference example.

To run this project properly, both the back-end service and the front-end service need to be started simultaneously. The back-end service is located in the `server` directory and is responsible for providing the ability to generate tokens for calling the digital human PaaS interface.
The front-end service is located in the `src` directory, responsible for displaying the page and completing UI interaction logic, and calling the digital human PaaS interface after obtaining the token from the server to create digital humans and use text-driven capabilities. It also creates an Express example to pull the video stream generated by the digital human for display.

The main logic of the page is concentrated in the `src/components/HelloWorld.vue` file.

## Quick Start

### 1. Configure the Back-End Service

- **Copy the configuration file**: Copy `./server/tokens.json.example` and rename it to `./server/tokens.json`.
- **Modify the configuration**: Edit the `./server/tokens.json` file, replacing `appid` and `serverSecret` with your actual values.

### 2. Start the Back-End Service

- **Enter the directory**: `cd ./server`
- **Install dependencies**: `npm install`
- **Start the service**: `npm start`

### 3. Configure the Front-End Application

- **Modify the configuration file**: Edit the `./src/config.ts` file to modify the values of `AppId` and `RtcServer` as needed. `ApiServer` generally does not need to be changed unless ZEGO provides another domain name.

### 4. Start the Front-End Application

- **Enter the directory**: `cd ./src`
- **Install dependencies**: `npm install`
- **Start the service**: `npm run serve`

### 5. Access the Application

- **Access the local service**: `./src/config.ts` is configured with two environments, `Test` and `Prod`. If you are running a local `server`, the page URL needs to include `?test=1`, such as: `http://localhost:8081/?test=1`.